# CERTIFICATION CPI C_CPI_2024

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 01 - You want to dispatch messages only when a child element "product" exists:
>
> - [ ] /ProductSet/count(Product)>0
> - [ ] /ProductSet/count(Product)=0
> - [ ] /ProductSet/counter (Product)>0
> - [ ] /ProductSet/count(Product)<0
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **/ProductSet/count(Product)>0**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 02 - What do you use in an integration flow to handle unexpected errors?exists:
>
> - [ ] Exception-handling Subprocesses
> - [ ] Try-Catch SubProcess
> - [ ] Exception handler integration flow elements
> - [ ] Status code checks
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Exception-handling subprocesses**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 03 - Where must you configure an HTTPS inbound adapter with OAuth2.0 authenticiation?
>
> - [ ] In the process runtime
> - [ ] In the SAP Integration Suite
> - [ ] In the adapter
> - [ ] In the Exception Subprocess
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **In the SAP Integration Suite**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 04 - You configure a request and reply call with an http adapter. Which of the following Simple Expression definitions can you use to configure a variable in the url?
>
> - [ ] $(property.item)
> - [ ] ${property.item}
> - [ ] $[property.item]
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **${property.item}**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 05 - During development, in which integration flow component can you configure a simulated payload?
>
> - [ ] Content Modifier
> - [ ] SOAP Adapter
> - [ ] General Splitter
> - [ ] Data Store Operations
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Content Modifier**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 06 - For which of the following scenario can you use scripting in an integration flow?
>
> - [ ] Create XSLT Mapping Artefacts
> - [ ] Add information to the Message Log
> - [ ] Configure an OData Adapter
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Add information to the Message Log**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 07 - Which object in a Groovy script provides a getBody() method?
>
> - [ ] camelcontext
> - [ ] header
> - [ ] property
> - [ ] message
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **message**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 08 - Which steps must you follow before you can configure an OData adapter?
>
> - [ ] Set a Sender with a unique name. Choose from the palette Call → External Call → Request Reply
> - [ ] Set a Sender with a unique name. Choose from the palette Call → Local Call → Request Reply
> - [ ] Set a Receiver with a unique name. Choose from the palette Call → External Call → Send
> - [ ] Set a Receiver with a unique name. Choose from the palette Call → External Call → Request Reply
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Set a Receiver with a unique name. Choose from the palette Calle → External Call → Request Reply**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 09 - Which of the following data types can be used for an exchange property in a content modifier?
>
> - [ ] java.lang.Integer
> - [ ] java.lang.String
> - [ ] java.lang.string
> - [ ] java.lang.integer
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **java.lang.Integer**
> - [x] **java.lang.String**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 10 - You use an outbound HTTP adapter with basic authentication. In SAP Integration Suite, Monitor -Integrations -Manage Security, where must you set up and store a user and password?
>
> - [ ] Keystore
> - [ ] PGP Keys
> - [ ] Access policies
> - [ ] Security Material
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Security Material**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 11 - Which of the following XPath expressions extract "value1" and "value3" from the following XML message using a general splitter?
>
> - [ ] <item>value1
> - [ ] </root><item>Value2
> - [ ] </item1><item>value3
> - [ ] </item></root>
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **<item>value1**
> - [x] **</item1><item>value3**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 12 - Which of the following can you use for an XSLT mapping in an integration flow?
>
> - [ ] HTML
> - [ ] JSON
> - [ ] XML
> - [ ] PHP
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **XML**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 13 - What are some advantages of the cloud integration capabilities within SAP Integration Suite?
>
> _There are two correct answers._
>
> - [ ] Predefined scenarios can be used out-of-the-box
> - [ ] Integration processes can be developed offline
> - [ ] Customer-to-Customer (C2C) integrations can be developed
> - [ ] A local installation is not required
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Predefined scenarios can be used out-of-the-box**
> - [x] **A local installation is not required**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 14 - You are using a Data Store Operation of the type Write. Which parameter must you select to avoid duplicate entries?
>
> - [ ] Overwrite Existing Message
> - [ ] Encrypted stored Message
> - [ ] Include Message Headers
> - [ ] Retention Threshold for Alerting
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Overwrite Existing Message**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 15 - You configured a Content Modifier as follows. After testing the Content Modifer, you receive an error message that contains the following fragment: "Java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: java.lang.string...". What caused the error message?
>
> | **Action** | **Name**  | **Source Type** | **Source Value** | **Data Type**    |
> | ---------- | --------- | --------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- |
> | Create     | ProductID | XPath           | //ProductID      | java.lang.string |
>
> - [ ] Incorrect Source Type
> - [ ] Incorrect Source Value
> - [ ] Incorrect Name
> - [ ] Incorrect Data Type
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Incorrect Data Type**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 16 - You want to access individual entities of an HTTP call over XPath. What must you do if no namespace mapping exists?
>
> - [ ] Remove the namespaces
> - [ ] Convert the namespaces to XML
> - [ ] Convert the namespaces to JSON
> - [ ] Remove the XML prolog
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Remove the namespaces**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 17 - What can you use to prevent overload in an OData request and reply call?
>
> - [ ] HTTP Adapter
> - [ ] Paging
> - [ ] Stop parameter
> - [ ] Query filter
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Paging**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 18 - What kind of editor can you use to manipulate integration flows?
>
> - [ ] Graphical editor
> - [ ] Command-line editor
> - [ ] Code editor
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Graphical editor**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 19 - What behavior does the Escalation End Event trigger in an integration flow?
>
> - [ ] It generates an error and interrupts the main process
> - [ ] It generates an error without interrupting the main process
> - [ ] It generates a notification without interrupting the main process
> - [ ] It generates a notification and interrupts the main process
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **It generates an error without interrupting the main process**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 20 - You want to implement a synchronous call to a remote HTTP API as an integration flow component, which adapter can you use?
>
> - [ ] AMQP
> - [ ] SFTP
> - [ ] OData
> - [ ] Mail
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **OData**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 24 - You use an APIKey for authentication in an HTTPS API call. In which part of the Content Modifier is the APIKey included? :
>
> - [ ] Attachment
> - [ ] Message body
> - [ ] Exchange property
> - [ ] Message header
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Message header**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 22 - Which of the following XLS statements select each node in the sour XML?
>
> - [ ] <xsl:template match="/\*">
> - [ ] <xsl:template match="\*">
> - [ ] <xsl:template match="@\*">
> - [ ] <xsl:template match="text()">
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **<xsl:template match="\*">**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 23 - How do you configure a SOAP adapter for asynchronous processing?
>
> - [ ] Message Exchange Pattern: Request-Reply. Process Settings: Robust
> - [ ] Message Exchange Pattern: One-Way. Process Settings: Robust
> - [ ] Message Exchange Pattern: Request-Reply. Process Settings: WS Standard
> - [ ] Message Exchange Pattern: One-Way. Process Settings: WS Standard
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **One-Way. Process Settings: WS Standard**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 24 - Which Data Store Operation can you use to save a customer ID?
>
> - [ ] SELECT
> - [ ] GET
> - [ ] POST
> - [ ] WRITE
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **WRITE**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 25 - You configure an Exception Subprocess. Which event starts the Exception Subprocess?
>
> - [ ] Start Message Event
> - [ ] Error Start Event
> - [ ] Start Event
> - [ ] Start Escalation
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Error Start Event**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 26 - What does the messaging model of the Apache Camel Data Model consist of?
>
> - [ ] Header, Body, Properties
> - [ ] Header, Body, Attachment
> - [ ] Header, Exchange ID, In-Message
> - [ ] Header, Properties, Attachment
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Header, Body, Attachment**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 27 - Which SAP Cloud Integration Process Event allows you to run integration flows directly after deployment?
>
> - [ ] Router
> - [ ] Timer
> - [ ] Content Modifier
> - [ ] Message Digest
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Timer**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 28 - How can you create an integration flow in the Design view of the Cloud Integration?
>
> - [ ] Navigate to Design → Integrations. Create a Package and assign a name under the Header Tab. Save the Package and select an iFlow type under the Artifacts tab
> - [ ] Navigate to Design → Integrations → iFlow. Create an iFlow and assign a name and description under the Header Tab
> - [ ] Navigate to Design → Integrations. Create a Package and assign a name and description under the Header Tab. Save the Package and select an iFlow type under the Artifacts tab
> - [ ] Navigate to Design → Integrations. Create a Package and assign a name and description under the Header tab. Create the iFlow with a name in the Header tab
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Navigate to Design → Integrations. Create a Package and assign a name and description under the Header Tab. Save the Package and select an iFlow type under the Artifacts tab**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 29 - In a Content Modifer, you want to set up a call to the Message Body of the previous Content Modifier. Which notation do use to implement this?
>
> - [ ] ${inbody}
> - [ ] ${bodyin}
> - [ ] ${body.in}
> - [ ] ${in.body}
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **${in.body}**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 30 - You want to set up Exchange Properties in an integration flow. Besides a Content Modifier, what can you use?
>
> - [ ] Groovy SDK scripting
> - [ ] Batch scripting
> - [ ] XML scripting
> - [ ] Python scripting
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Groovy SDK scripting**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 31 - Which expression language can you use to access the content of the message in an integration flow?
>
> - [ ] Simple expression language
> - [ ] XML expression language
> - [ ] Spring expression language
> - [ ] JavaScript expression language
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Simple expression language**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 32 - Where can you configure a static payload?
>
> _There are two correct answers._
>
> - [ ] In a Groovy script
> - [ ] In a Data Store Operation component
> - [ ] In a Content Modifier component of the Message Body tab
> - [ ] In a Content Modifier component of the Message Header tab
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **In a Content Modifier component of the Message Body tab**
> - [x] **In a Content Modifier component of the Message Header tab**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 33 - Through which of the following can you login to the cloud integration in an SAP BTP subaccount?
>
> - [ ] Process Runtime instance
> - [ ] Cloud Foundry
> - [ ] Local Integration suite
> - [ ] Integration Suite subscription
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Integration Suite subscription**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 34 - Which log level must you use to examine the payload at specific processing steps in an integration flow?
>
> - [ ] Trace
> - [ ] Info
> - [ ] Error
> - [ ] Debug
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Trace**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 35 - After you have created an API Proxy, no ressources are displayed under the Ressources tab. What could be the cause?
>
> - [ ] You use a plain REST API as a source
> - [ ] You use an OData API as source
> - [ ] You use an SAP Graph API as a source
> - [ ] You use an API Provider as source
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **You use an API Provider as source**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 36 - What are some advantages of creating an OData interface through an API Provider?
>
> _There are two correct answers._
>
> - [ ] Automatic creation of a Swagger UI
> - [ ] Automatic creation of an OpenAPI specification
> - [ ] Automatic creation of a WSDL specification
> - [ ] Automatic creation of a RAML specification
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Automatic creation of a Swagger UI**
> - [x] **Automatic creation of an OpenAPI specification**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 37 - You have set up a Basic Authentication policy, but the API Proxy returns an HTTP Status of 401. What could be a reason?
>
> - [ ] In the AssignMessage policy, the Assign To tag has the type = "preFlow"
> - [ ] In the AssignMessage policy, the Assign To tag has the type = "request"
> - [ ] In the AssignMessage policy, the Assign To tag has the type = "response" (the type has to be a request)
> - [ ] In the AssignMessage policy, the Assign To tag has the type = "postFlow"
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **In the AssignMessage policy, the Assign To tag has the type = "response"**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 38 - What are API Management components?
>
> _There are two correct answers._
>
> - [ ] Authorization server
> - [ ] API Designer
> - [ ] API Entity
> - [ ] Product
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **API Designer**
> - [x] **Product**
>
> Also API Provider, URL and Policies
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 39 - You are creating an API Proxy. Which of the following is a valid path prefix?
>
> - [ ] /sap/opo/odata
> - [ ] /sap/odu/odata
> - [ ] /sap/opu/odata
> - [ ] /soap/opu/odata
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **/sap/opu/odata**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 40 - Besides in SAP API Management, where can you find policy templates?
>
> - [ ] In SAP API Business Accelerator Hub → Explore → Business Processes
> - [ ] In SAP API Business Accelerator Hub → Explore → Categories → APIs
> - [ ] In SAP API Business Accelerator Hub → Explore → Discover → Integrations
> - [ ] In SAO API Business Accelerator Hub → Products
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **In SAP API Business Accelerator Hub → Explore → Categories → APIs**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 41 - From which of the following can you create an API Proxy directly?
>
> _There are two correct answers._
>
> - [ ] API Provider
> - [ ] Source URL
> - [ ] Open Connectors
> - [ ] S/4HANA API
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **API Provider**
> - [x] **Source URL**
>
> Also API Designer
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 42 - In the Connections tab of the OData Adapter, which authentication options are available?
>
> _There are two correct answers._
>
> - [ ] Advances
> - [ ] Basic
> - [ ] General
> - [ ] None
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Basic**
> - [x] **None**
>
> Also Principal Propagation
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 43 - You have created a Product based on an API Proxy, but you have not piblished the Product yet. What is the consequence?
>
> - [ ] The Product is displayed in the API Business Hub Enterprise but is grayed out.
> - [ ] The Product is displayed in the API Business Hub Enterprise with the note "not published"
> - [ ] The Product is not displayed in the API Business Hub Enterprise
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **The Product is not displayed in the API Business Hub Enterprise**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 44 - What is a characteristic of a Product in the API Management capability within SAP Integration Suite?
>
> - [ ] It is deployed as a separate Artifact on the API Business Hub Enterprise
> - [ ] It is a separate Artifact and is required for Basic Auth
> - [ ] It encapsulates the API Provider
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **It encapsulates the API Provider**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 45 - You want to publish a new API Product to the API Business Hub Enterprise. What is a requirement?
>
> - [ ] At least two deployed API Proxies
> - [ ] At least one deploed API Proxy
> - [ ] At least two deployed API Providers
> - [ ] At least one deployed API Proverder
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **At least one deploed API Proxy**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 46 - What are some message protocols that the API Management capability within SAP Integration Suite support?
>
> _There are two correct answers._
>
> - [ ] RFC
> - [ ] SOAP
> - [ ] OData
> - [ ] IDoc
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **SOAP**
> - [x] **OData**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 47 - You download the Performance-Traceability policy from the SAP Business Accelerator Hub and implement it in an API Proxy. What can you use to view the data covered the policy?
>
> - [ ] SAP Cloud ALM
> - [ ] A Third Party Monitoring tool
> - [ ] The API Monitor under Monitor → Integration APIs
> - [ ] SAP Analytics Cloud
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **The API Monitor under Monitor → Integration APIs**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 48 - You have created an API Provider of the type Internet. What Http response code indicates success?
>
> - [ ] 403
> - [ ] 502
> - [ ] 401
> - [ ] 200
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **200**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 49 - Which of the following does SAP Graph provide?
>
> - [ ] Abstraction of Business Data for end users
> - [ ] Unified view of SAP-managed Business data
> - [ ] Unified cache of SAP-managed Business data
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Unified view of SAP-managed Business data**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 50 - Which of the following API modeling languages can you use to describe APIs?
>
> _There are two correct answers._
>
> - [ ] HTML
> - [ ] RAML
> - [ ] OpenAPI
> - [ ] CXML
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **RAML**
> - [x] **OpenAPI**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 51 - On which standards is OData based?
>
> - [ ] HTTP, AtomPub and JSON
> - [ ] TCP, AtomPub and JSON
> - [ ] SOAP, AtomPub and JSON
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **HTTP, AtomPub and JSON**
>
> Also URL and OpenAPI
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 52 - What does the "Open Integration" principle of the SAP Integration Suite mean?
>
> - [ ] SAP Integration Suite allows SAP-to-SAP integrations
> - [ ] SAP Integration Suite by default supports integrations to other SAP Software
> - [ ] SAP Integration Suite by default supports Third-Party software integration
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **SAP Integration Suite by default supports Third-Party software integration**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 53 - Why does the API Management capability of the SAP integration Suite require API Providers?
>
> - [ ] To create authenticated API instances
> - [ ] To create APIs
> - [ ] To incorporate APIs from source systems
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **To incorporate APIs from source systems**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 54 - In the SAP Integration Suite, where can you change the virtual host name?
>
> - [ ] Design → APIs
> - [ ] Configure APIs
> - [ ] Settings → APIs
> - [ ] Discover → APIs
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Settings → APIs**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 55 - You want to set up an SAP Backend system through the Cloud Connector with an API Provider. Which connection type do you use?
>
> - [ ] Open Connectors
> - [ ] On-Premise
> - [ ] Cloud Integration
> - [ ] Internet
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **On-Premise**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 56 - You want to send messages over an SOAP Adapter to an integration flow. Wich method do you use to send the messages?
>
> - [ ] PATCH
> - [ ] UPDATE
> - [ ] GET
> - [ ] POST
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **POST**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 57 - What is Representational State Transfert (REST)?
>
> - [ ] A message protocol
> - [ ] An application protocol
> - [ ] An architectural style
> - [ ] A description language for APIs
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **An architectural style**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 58 - You want to build an integration architecture that is largely asynchronous. Which design do you use to exchange notifications between the partners involved?
>
> - [ ] Serverless design
> - [ ] Request-driven design
> - [ ] Event-driven design
> - [ ] Hexagonal design
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Event-driven design**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 59 - What must you do to find out which entity sets are available in the OData V2.0 interface?
>
> - [ ] Retrieve the service document from the interface
> - [ ] Retrieve the metadata document from the interface
> - [ ] Search in the Global Directory of all available OData interfaces
> - [ ] Contact the OData interface manufacture
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **Retrieve the metadata document from the interface**
>
> </details>

> ### :small_red_triangle_down: 60 - You call the following URL in your browser: https://sapes5.sapdevcenter.com/sap/opu/odata/iwbep/GWSAMPLE_BASIC/ProductSet('HT-1000')/ToSalesOrderLineItems. What file type is displayed?
>
> - [ ] Java
> - [ ] PHP
> - [ ] HTML
> - [ ] XML
>
> <details>
>  <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
>
> - [x] **XML**
>
> </details>
